Josh Sigurdson: COVID-19 vaccines causing cancer rates to skyrocket

The Wuhan coronavirus (COVID-19) vaccines are causing cancer rates to skyrocket, according to Josh Sigurdson of World Alternative Media.

The independent journalist pointed his finger at the mRNA COVID-19 vaccines, which millions of people either willingly received or were forced to get under threat of being fired from their jobs. He explained that these experimental gene injections, which are based on the never-isolated COVID-19, are meant to kill people.

"That is certainly part of the problem that we are facing today. There is no going back on the fact that countless people have injected themselves with poison – 163 percent increase in deaths year over year," Sigurdson said.

He cited an article from All News PipeLine, which talked about the reasons behind the alarming increase in cancer rates. The piece by Dr. Joel Hirschhorn pointed out that the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) "had to change the definition of vaccine so that the mRNA COVID materials or generic therapeutics could be legally defined as vaccines."

"This should be emphasized: If these 'fake' vaccines were legally classified as drugs, then they would not be protected from liability actions. The vaccine makers would not be fully protected. So significant considering the huge numbers of adverse health impacts and deaths that definitely are causally linked to the 'fake' vaccines." (Related: Cancer rates are exploding across America and the CDC is covering up the deadly truth - one of the biggest frauds was allowing mRNA genetic materials to be legally defined as 'vaccines'.)

Hirschhorn also remarked that the incessant promotion of these cancer-causing mRNA vaccines "demonstrates the historic corruption of the entire medical and public health establishment."

Sigurdson noted that aside from cancers, studies have shown that vaccinated individuals developed pre-blood clot and crystalline formations in their bloodstream. Vaccinated children, meanwhile, developed heart-related problems.

Sigurdson also pointed to an article by the Daily Expose, which cited data from the U.S. government showing that those vaccinated against COVID-19 are a shocking 143,233 percent more likely to be diagnosed with cancer compared to people vaccinated against the flu.

It looked at reports on the CDC's Vaccine Adverse Event Reporting System (VAERS) from December 2020 to Aug. 5, 2022. During that 20-month span, there had been 2,579 cancer-related adverse events.

In contrast, VAERS data for all other vaccines between 2008 and 2020 only registered 791 adverse events related to cancer. There were only 64 cancer-related adverse reactions caused by the flu vaccine for that same period.

The news outlet also took into account the number of doses used to calculate the frequency of cancer cases per dose. What it found is that COVID-19 vaccination is 1,432.33 times (143,233 percent) more likely to cause cancer than flu vaccination.

"A correct, rigorous and complete evaluation of COVID-19 mRNA vaccines will be of critical importance for reassuring the public about their safe and effective use."

Sigurdson ultimately concluded that people have not seen proper justice being done for the COVID death shot. and they have to apply the right solutions to save humanity from the all-out war against them.

Follow VaccineDamage.news for more news about the diseases caused by the COVID vaccines.

Watch the video below to know why cancer cases have exploded after the COVID-19 vaccine rollout.
